[Music]
for clever riddles that'll test your
intelligence cryptograms were originally
created not for entertainment purposes
but for the encryption of military or
personal secrets today we invite you to
activate your lateral thinking and try
to decipher these four riddles
and messages prove that you have a good
logic and can be a great detective
riddle number one
Mario's telegram Mario is on a business
trip in an exotic country at the hotel
he asked the receptionist to send a
telegram that should arrive exactly on
February 23rd but the receptionist tells
him that he can only use these words to
write Fiasco nephew carrot rabbit Sanada
spring tailor Bureau corona legacy
softened travel object happen and bikini
then Mario sends the following telegram
carrot fiasco nephew spring rabbit
Sanada tailor Bureau legacy corona
travel bikini object happen Safin what
does the message say there is a little
hint the message is for Mario's son I'll
give you 25 seconds
okay these riddles are very tricky and
hard to solve so take your time and use
your imagination you can also pause the
video to have more time to think only 10
seconds left did you solve it
are you in the smartest ten percent
ready there here's the answer
the message is formed by taking the
first letter of the first word and the
last of the second word continuing the
same way with the remaining words and
the hidden messages congratulations
Mario wants to greet his son on his
birthday so the message must arrive on
the mentioned date riddle number two the
encrypted note
detective Robertson one of the agency's
most experienced detectives used his
coded key and entered the apartment
where the secret documentation was
hidden
[Music]
detective loved his assistant had left
an encrypted note with the exact
location of the documentation Robertson
found the note it said this using his
experience and the strategies learned in
training
Robertson deciphered the message and
found the documentation where were the
documents hidden 25 seconds are all
yours
[Music]
time is over have you found the answer
the note says under the carpet in the
studio you have to read it backward and
ignore spaces between words that one
wasn't hard to solve right let's see the
next one riddle number three what is my
real name
[Music]
my father is a chemist my mother is a
mathematician they call me iron 59 what
is my real name hmm have you already
solved this one I'll give you 25 seconds
again take your time no rush here's the
answer my real name is felix iron fe
chemical symbol 59
li x roman numerals
finally the last one riddle number four
say the name of the mother got it I'll
give you 25 seconds make yourself
comfortable
and pay your attention to the picture
have a closer look and you'll literally
see the answer only ten seconds left
haven't you found the answer yet the
answer is clear the mother's name is
what can you see it there's no question
mark here because it's a statement so
have you managed to solve these riddles
share your results in the comments don't
forget to share this video with your
friends let them test their intelligence
as well to stay on the bright side of
life hit the like button below the video
and click Subscribe